c:\users\deaspo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Instat+ for windows\instat\bin\Debug\instat.exe.config
c:\users\deaspo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Instat+ for windows\instat\obj\Debug\instat.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\deaspo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Instat+ for windows\instat\obj\Debug\instat.frm_first.resources
c:\users\deaspo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Instat+ for windows\instat\obj\Debug\instat.Resources.resources
c:\users\deaspo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Instat+ for windows\instat\obj\Debug\instat.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\deaspo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Instat+ for windows\instat\obj\Debug\instat.xml
c:\users\deaspo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Instat+ for windows\instat\bin\Debug\instat.exe
c:\users\deaspo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Instat+ for windows\instat\bin\Debug\instat.pdb
c:\users\deaspo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Instat+ for windows\instat\bin\Debug\instat.xml
c:\users\deaspo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Instat+ for windows\instat\obj\Debug\instat.exe
c:\users\deaspo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Instat+ for windows\instat\obj\Debug\instat.pdb
c:\users\deaspo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Instat+ for windows\instat\obj\Debug\instat.frm_cmd_window.resources
c:\users\deaspo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Instat+ for windows\instat\obj\Debug\instat.frm_datasheet.resources
C:\Users\deaspo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Instat+ for windows\instat\bin\Debug\unvell.ReoGrid.dll
C:\Users\deaspo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Instat+ for windows\instat\bin\Debug\unvell.ReoScript.dll
C:\Users\deaspo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Instat+ for windows\instat\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\deaspo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Instat+ for windows\instat\bin\Debug\instat.exe.manifest
C:\Users\deaspo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Instat+ for windows\instat\bin\Debug\instat.application
C:\Users\deaspo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Instat+ for windows\instat\obj\Debug\instat.exe.manifest
C:\Users\deaspo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Instat+ for windows\instat\obj\Debug\instat.application
C:\Users\deaspo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Instat+ for windows\instat\bin\Debug\FastColoredTextBox.dll
C:\Users\deaspo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Instat+ for windows\instat\bin\Debug\ReoGridDemo.exe
C:\Users\deaspo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Instat+ for windows\instat\bin\Debug\unvell.ReoGridEditor.exe
C:\Users\deaspo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Instat+ for windows\instat\bin\Debug\unvell.ReoScript.EditorLib.dll
C:\Users\Fundi\Documents\GitHubVisualStudio\Instat\instat\bin\Debug\instat.exe.config
C:\Users\Fundi\Documents\GitHubVisualStudio\Instat\instat\obj\Debug\instat.exe
C:\Users\Fundi\Documents\GitHubVisualStudio\Instat\instat\obj\Debug\instat.xml
C:\Users\Fundi\Documents\GitHubVisualStudio\Instat\instat\obj\Debug\instat.pdb
C:\Users\Fundi\Documents\GitHubVisualStudio\Instat\instat\obj\Debug\instat.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Fundi\Documents\GitHubVisualStudio\Instat\instat\obj\Debug\instat.dialogtrial.resources
C:\Users\Fundi\Documents\GitHubVisualStudio\Instat\instat\obj\Debug\instat.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Fundi\Documents\GitHubVisualStudio\Instat\instat\obj\Debug\instat.frm_cmd_window.resources
C:\Users\Fundi\Documents\GitHubVisualStudio\Instat\instat\obj\Debug\instat.frm_datasheet.resources
C:\Users\Fundi\Documents\GitHubVisualStudio\Instat\instat\obj\Debug\instat.frm_first.resources
C:\Users\Fundi\Documents\GitHubVisualStudio\Instat\instat\obj\Debug\instat.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Fundi\Documents\GitHubVisualStudio\Instat\instat\obj\Debug\instat.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Fundi\Documents\GitHubVisualStudio\Instat\instat\obj\Debug\instat.Form2.resources
C:\Users\Fundi\Documents\GitHubVisualStudio\Instat\instat\obj\Debug\instat.Dataselection.resources
C:\Users\Fundi\Documents\GitHubVisualStudio\Instat\instat\obj\Debug\instat.Form3.resources
C:\Users\Fundi\Documents\GitHubVisualStudio\Instat\instat\obj\Debug\instat.frmLineTest.resources
